

The specifications told me to build a repo using a framework of my choice. I decided to use Nestjs as it saves a lot of time setting up. I then installed Prisma and made a cat model with the fields breed, origin, weight, temperment, description and image. All fields are strings except for wieght which is a number. I made breed a unique value because this service is about cat breed information so we only need one entity stored. I then build a create cat route which makes a post request. I also made a cat dto to add validation and typing. I used postman to test the route and saw the cat got created and stored in the database. I used docker containers and created a test and development environment. After building a route I made an e2e test for it. To get a list of cats it takes in a skip and take with a limit set to 50 for take. To get a specific cat you can find it by breed and if it does not exist a 404 error is returned. I made a put route for updating a cat and used the same cat dto but used a typescript tool called partial to make all fields optional. I contemplated having breed in the url paramter but decided to keep it in the body. If breed is not included in the body a 400 exception is thrown with a message saying breed is required. You can delete a breed by its uuid. After all the routes were built and tested I then thought about adding authentication. Since this is just about showing cat breed information which is public knowledge it didnt make sense to make user accounts as all you can do is view cat breed information. I did add admin authorization for adding, updating or deleting a cat breed so a user is only able to view cat breeds. In hindisght it might have been better to use jwt as I could not build an e2e test for this. I could only test it in postman. Also would be easier to make changes with an actual GUI. 